The problem statement is you will be given a positive
number and a value n and you have to enable
the nth bit of it.
For example if the given number is 64, and this is
it's binary representation
And if we have n equal to five, we need
to enable fifth bit of 64.
So it should be set to one and resultant
binary representation will correspond to the decimal 80
And if we have n equal to eight, we need
to enable the eight bit and the resultant binary
representation will correspond to the number 192
So your task is to write the logic for this
"Enable nth bit problem" and submit it using the below
compiler. See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is 64 and 5 the expected output is 80
If the input is 64 and 8, the expected output is 192